Hi all.  I found it pretty surprising that Schreyer didn't have a LaTeX template for theses, 
so I thought that I'd share what I made for my thesis so that everyone else doesn't have to
reinvent the wheel.  I make no guarantees that this will compile on your machine exactly the
way it does on mine, or that this is 100% the exact format that Schreyer is looking for.  There
may be some tweaks you'll have to make with the margins, table of contents, etc. but hopefully
this template will still be useful.  If you have questions, I'm tentatively listing my email
here (johncgroh@gmail.com) - please only ask me about things specific to my template.  Please
try and find answers to general LaTeX questions elsewhere.
Cheers,
John Groh

-------------
- Overview: -
-------------
The main file that you will have to compile is called master.tex.  It specifies things like the
documentclass, font, font size, and margins, as well as the overall organization of the thesis.
There are 3 main sections: frontmatter, mainmatter, and backmatter.  The frontmatter is the stuff
that will get labed with roman numeral page numbers: the title page (which should actually be
numberless), the abstract, the table of contents, etc.  The mainmatter is the chapters and
appendices, and the backmatter is the bibliography, index, glossary, etc.  I've organized the
actual files into subdirectories with the same names, although your personal organization is
obviously up to you.  However you organize it, you will likely want to write all your content
in files like chapter1.tex, appendixA.tex, abstract.tex, etc. to prevent a 200-page master.tex 
file.  If you have a lot of figures, it's even possible to compile one chapter at a time to 
save the trouble of scrolling through a 200-page pdf.

--------------
- Compiling: -
--------------
You can obviously use any latex compiler you prefer.  I prefer latexmk, a script that allows
for running latex (or pdflatex, as I've configured it) the correct number of times with bibtex
as well and has a nice "continuous preview" mode.  Most programs that involve GUIs should do all
this stuff automatically as well.  If you are going to compile from the command line, then you'll
probably need to do something like this:

pdflatex master.tex
bibtex master.aux
pdflatex master.tex
pdflatex master.tex

or this:

latex master
bibtex master
latex master
latex master

or whichever set of options you prefer.  A bunch of extra files will appear (.aux, .bbl, .blg, .fls,
.lof, .lot, .toc, etc) which can usually be deleted safely.  It might be advisable to not delete the
.bbl file, but I suppose this depends on how many references you have and whatnot.

-------------------
- Spell checking: -
-------------------
There are probably several ways to do this, especially if you use a GUI latex editor, but if you
edit your .tex files in emacs or vim like I do, you can install and use the ispell program.  It
has a flag (-t I think) so that it won't complain about all the latex-specific formatting marks and
only (more or less) check the actual word content of your file.

-----------------
- Bibliography: -
-----------------
It's possible to just create a bibliography in your main master.tex file or to manually write a master.bbl
file, but if you are ever going to be writing papers/theses/reports/grants/applications in LaTeX, then
it willl probably be worth your time to start using bibtex.  You should create a refs.bib (or whatever
you want to call it - the essential part is the file extension) file with all the references you will use 
for your thesis.  This file can be used for every other paper you write in the future, even if you don't 
reference every item in it each time.  Bibtex will automatically find the sources you referenced in your
thesis, order them properly, and include only the ones you used in your final "Bibliography" section.  See
the "Compilation" notes I wrote above for how to compile this way.

-------------------------------
- Adding your Academic Vitae: -
-------------------------------
Schreyer also wants a CV appended to the end of the thesis.  This could of course be done in the same
set of files as the thesis, but I'm sure that everyone already has a pdf file of their CV ready to go and
doesn't want to bother rewriting it.  An easy way to concatenate your CV to the end of your thesis would be
to do something like this (in a bash shell):

pdfunite master.pdf CV.pdf combined_thesis_and_cv.pdf

although I'm sure there are many other ways of doing so.

---------------------
- LaTeX in general: -
---------------------
There are waaaay more things one can do with LaTeX than I demonstrated in this template.  There are an
infinitude of guides, forum posts, and references online, and I think people have even written textbooks
on the subject.  I've usually found that typing things like "latex vector symbol over letter" or "latex
multiple images per figure" yield quick answers.




